Update Sagemaker Guide (#1534)
astronomer/docs: astro/ci-cd.md

### GitLab

:::info

> If you use hosted runners, you might need certain tags or modifications based on your Gitlab runner. Speak with your Gitlab administrator and review the [Gitlab Documentation](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/docker/using_docker_build.html) to customize this template for your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use hosted runners, you might need to ask your Gitlab administrator to modify your Gitlab runner tags. To learn more about customizing a template, see [Use Docker to build Docker images](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/docker/using_docker_build.html).
```
